We're rolling over here. Alright, then we can do this. Okay, we're going to try not to look at that. Yep, let's go. Yep, so hey, I'm Parbinder Darawal, or Parbs, everybody calls me. I'm the VP GM over at CVS Media Exchange, which is, or CMX as we like to refer to it. We're the retail media network for CVS Health, and We've been operating for around about three, three and a half years now. And as we think about servicing our customers and putting customers at the heart of everything that we do, CMX really sort of brings that experience to life and that connectivity with our consumers. And would it help if I sort of just contextualize a little bit more about the brand? Sounds good. So the way in which we operate, CMX operates, we target our extra care consumers or really use that as our baseline for the way in which we build our business. Our extra care consumers, which are incredibly loyal to our CVS brand, they have a tenure of over 10 years. We have 74 million of them who are engaging with us. CVS also has around about 9,000 locations. We have close to 5 million consumers who come into and through our stores every single day. There is an awful amount of different engagement and ways in which we can communicate with the consumer. And CMX is at the heart and center of how we think about consumer journey and engaging consumers, but also connecting them with brands that they would normally purchase or helping them discover new brands as well. Yeah, so, and LiveRamp has been a incredible and strong partner of not just CMX, but CVS Health for quite some time. We see our partnership with LiveRamp as really core to the way in which we are driving and growing our business and for example given our extra care loyalty consumers that I mentioned around about 74 million of them ensuring that we can utilize those audience and first party data assets in in clean room environment in a trusted clean room environment. that enables us to think about how we bring those audiences to specific brands as well. LiveRamp is a really core component to the way in which we're thinking about our business, not just today, but for the future as well. So we'll continue to lean in from a LiveRamp perspective, but we value that partnership. Yeah, so clean rooms and where clean rooms sit in our overall stack are a really, really important part of our overall delivery of audiences, delivery of insights, delivery of measurement as well, against that loyal customer base that I've talked about, which is extricate. The way in which we're looking at working with you and continuing our expansion has been predominantly focused on how do we create environments that we can bring together not just our first party data but also brand first party data as well. So we're working really closely with Libram to enable some of those opportunities. We are here at ramp-up and we're also announcing here at ramp-up that we're building a coalition and partnership in collaboration with Pinterest. So thinking about how do we activate Pinterest audiences and CMX audiences across the Pinterest channel. And that's a really big opportunity for us as we think about our prominence and the way in which we dominate within the categories that are health, beauty, wellness. We're number one in this category across the U.S. We're number one in terms of our shopper experience and also our purchase at CVS for health, wellness, and beauty products. You've got Pinterest that has enormous amount of scale, and you've got pinners who are going to Pinterest in order to purchase with purchase intent. There's over half of those consumers that have purchase intent when they're going to Pinterest. They also index incredibly well with beauty, health, and wellness. So we're the first retail media network from a health and wellness and beauty perspective to bring this partnership to life, enabling our brands to have crossover of audiences. using LiveRamp as our core constituent from both Pinterest as well as CMX and bringing this to market today. So super excited about the way in which we're partnering with LiveRamp as our core tech platform. Yeah, and again, LiveRamp is a core constituent to our overall tech stack. They're important not just for the way in which we think about our need in order for our first party audiences, but being a trusted partner, not just of ours, but also of the industry. It enables us to really bring to life a lot of our first party data assets and targeting capabilities across multitude of different channels. We continue to see growth as we see more brands lean in from a clean room standpoint and more specifically from a live ramp standpoint. We continue to understand and build off the back of the ID spine that the live ramp has created. And that also enables an enormous amount of connectivity between what we are doing at CMX and what our brand partners are asking of us. In order to target our our audiences and the high fidelity data that we bring that growth continues right we will will continue to innovate will continue to also I would say push. live ramp on innovation whether it be around measurement or audience building or just enabling more tools that gives us more access for our brand partners but also for our internal teams in order to drive more collaboration across both of our businesses. So core constituent and it's driving that growth today but again it's a very, very much a value partnership at the enterprise level that we have with live ramp. I have to pause on that one. Is that one of the questions yet? Yeah, OK. Do you want to ask that question again? Yeah. Yeah, so let me bring back the announcement that we're making with Pinterest. So one of the ways in which we use LiveRamp and enable through LiveRamp is to provide a level of attribution. And that level of attribution, as we think about one-to-one attribution through our loyalty program and Pinterest data assets for specific brands around health, wellness, beauty shoppers, that's something that is pretty unique to the way in which we're working with LiveRamp, especially in clean room environments. It also enables a number of different types of use cases. We think about partnership growth, and we think about enabling other partners with our platform, with our audiences. Attribution is a core constituent, I would say, to retail media networks. Attribution from CMX is core to our strategy. It's core to not just the way in which we report on attribution, but it's actually core to the way in which we think about transparency of data and transparency of measurement, and LiveRamp really helps us enable that. I'm going to look at my notes again. Sorry. Yeah, we did, didn't we? What's the unexpected insight? Yeah, so we, just given the way in which we operate with LiveRamp, some of the ways in which we've worked together. So there's a large beauty brand that we worked on collaborating around some first party data and bringing together CMX's data assets as well as the beauty brand's data assets. We saw the suppression of some of those first party audiences and And how we lent into those audiences going forward enabled us to not only gain much more targeting to that specific audience that the beauty brand was looking for, but it also enabled us to drive really strong incremental reach because we're delivering the right message to the right consumer at the right time across the platforms and also the open web. We saw almost a two and a half incremental sales gain on the test that we did. And again, we're looking forward to adapting that and continuing to learn from that as we grow our audience base with LiveRamp and also collaborate more so with brands. Measurement is incredibly important to the industry. It's also really how retail media networks are and what we're predicated upon. I've been working tirelessly around bringing standardization around measurement and metrics through the IAB. We're a real driver of that and the work that the IAB is doing in order to bring that level of standardization. We want to go a step further than that at CMX and some of the ways in which we're thinking about our measurement capabilities but also the way in which the industry should operate is really around transparency. Transparency in measurement, transparency from a retail media network is gonna continue to see the growth that we expect, that we're seeing within retail media networks, within the advertising ecosystem. We're going to be really leaning in around transparency and the way in which we report back to our brands around transparency and measurement. This is something that you will see a lot more of. You're also going to see us drive that transparency and measurement and attribution model with other partners as well. As we continue to take learnings from our Pinterest partnership, building that with other partners within this space who are trusted, who have a strong dynamic with our audiences, who have a strong affinity with beauty, health, and wellness consumers, that's where we will also lean in as well. But as I said, transparency is a really, really important part of what we're doing as we think about growth within retail media networks, but CMX is leading the charge around that. Yeah, it's a great question and a really, really important question because regardless of however we think about working with brands or think working with our tech platform partners, the customers should and will be always at the center of everything that we do. Customers are our you know, gateway and access point to really understanding how we continue to grow our business, but also that engagement with the brands. And we always put the consumer at the heart of everything that we do, both from a digital perspective, but also from a physical perspective. We will continue to create experiences for consumers. We will create discovery for consumers. We will continue to create and surface products to consumers that are relevant to them at times of at the point at which they're shopping with us, whether they're shopping with us digitally and then purchasing physically, whether they're coming into our stores every single day. But consumers will always remain at the core of what we do as we think about expansion and growth. And we have a pretty significant member base as well that we wanna make sure that we continue to leverage and build affinity with the CVS brand as well. He'll pepper in if he has anything. OK, perfect. The last thing, anything else you want to pepper in there, Dave? No, no, no. I think I covered on them. One last thing before we go out of the chair, just going to get a shot of you looking right